Changes in version 1.11:

The option "-0", which produces a compression speed and ratio comparable
to those of "gzip -9", has been added to lzip.

Match length limit set by options -1 to -8 has been reduced to extend
range of use towards gzip. Lower numbers now compress less but faster.
(-1 now takes 43% less time for only 20% larger compressed size).

(Note that the bidimensional parameter space of LZMA can't be mapped to
a linear scale optimal for all files. If your files are large, very
repetitive, etc, you may need to use the --match-length and
--dictionary-size options directly to achieve optimal performance).

Compression of option -9 has been slightly increased.

The option "--merge", which tries to produce a correct file merging the
good parts of two or more damaged copies, has been added to lziprecover.

(To give you an idea of --merge's possibilities, when merging two copies
each of them with one damaged area affecting 1 percent of the copy, the
probability of obtaining a correct file is about 98 percent. With three
such copies the probability rises to 99.97 percent. For large files with
small errors, the probability approaches 100 percent even with only two
copies).

The option "--repair", which repairs any 1-byte error in the lzma stream
of lzip files, has been added to lziprecover.

Decompressor has been modified to detect file errors earlier, improving
efficiency of lziprecover's new repair capability.

The option "--force", which forces overwriting of existing output files,
has been added to lziprecover.

The option "--output", which sets the name of the output file, has been
added to lziprecover.

The option "--split", which selects the until now only operation of
splitting multimember files, has been added to lziprecover.

Lziprecover now needs the operation to be specified. Else it warns the
user and does nothing.

A warning about fchown's return value being ignored has been fixed.

"lzip -tvvvv" now also shows file compression ratio.

Some new examples have been added to the manual.
